March 2020 template
Table of contents
    1. today
    2. End of day (outro) (139 words)
    3. End of today’s document (0 words)
    4. morning notes (laptop)
    5. morning notes (phone)
    6. afternoon notes (laptop)
    7. afternoon notes (phone)
    8. mid-day notes (laptop)
    9. mid-day notes (phone)
    10. overnight notes (laptop)
    11. overnight notes (phone)
#### Words total
Today 
I woke up at xx:xx am

I eventually fell asleep at pm.
Morning notes (laptop)
None available
Morning notes (phone)
None available
Afternoon notes (laptop)
None available
Afternoon notes (phone)
None available
Mid-day notes (laptop)
None available
Mid-day notes (phone)
None available
Overnight notes (laptop)
None available
Overnight notes (phone)
None available
End of day (outro)
Next I went and relaxed for went and relaxed for the rest of the night. Eventually plugged my Samsung galaxy s7 edge into the charger for the night. I decided not to plug my Samsung galaxy core prime into the charger for the night (as usual) I eventually logged my laptop off for the night. I eventually shut my laptop down for the night. I eventually plugged my laptop into the charger for the night. I eventually got dressed for bed. I eventually went to bed. I eventually fell asleep. Goodnight. I made sure I plugged my laptop into the charger for the night. I also made sure my laptop started charging. I also made sure I locked my door and turned my fan on medium before falling asleep. (PLEASE READ OUTRO TO LEARN IMPORTANT INFO ABOUT TODAYS DOCUMENT) Outro is obsolete. Some references may remain, but you should always read previous documents first. Don’t take content out of context.
Also, make sure to read overnight and daytime notes as well for more context, along with associated dates of new image, video, and other media data, such as screenshots, reddit, camera, and more.
This journal is a very advanced structure, but strives for accuracy.
Daily journaling started on September 27th 2016, entries before then are backed up with date data, and don’t cover everything yet, I am still working on archiving older data.
Images aren’t spammed in journaling since the December 28th 2018 document, as it became excessive. This was the worst issue in December of 2018.
This journal is a complex structure. Make sure to read all documents, notes, and search for mentioned files to get the full context.
End of today’s document
