January 10th 2018 unedited text only
I woke up at 5:00 am this morning to my first alarm. I really should not have done this, but I got up and grabbed my Samsung galaxy s7 edge off the charger (currently at 100% battery) then I went back to sleep and slept through alarms up until 6:13 am, when I forced myself to get up. I had a really bad dream last night that our dog guinea died, and got decapitated, and papa held up his head. I was crying in my dream, but when I woke up, my eyes were dry. I got up and grabbed my Samsung galaxy s7 edge off the charger (currently at 100% battery) then I took my morning pill. Meme and papa are leaving to go to Spokane today, and they will leave when we get to school, and they will come back in the same day. I went into the living room and turned my phone on. On my phone I opened clash royale. In clash royale I claimed a free pouch of golf from the shop. I got 120 gold. Next I began to unlock an arena 7 silver chest, then I claimed my first daily gift. My first daily gift was an arena 7 free chest. From the first free chest in clash royale this morning I got 65 gold, 1 giant, 8 skeletons, and 5 points. There was a horrible deal in the shop today: 20 gems for 40 skeletons. Next I opened an arena 7 golden chest. From the arena 7 golden chest I got 176 golf, 9 skeleton barrels, 16 cannons, 3 tombstones, AND 1 PEKKA (EPIC CARD) Next I did a battle in the ramp up challenge, and I lost, so I closed out of clash royale, then I collected from the 7 games that I make my 8 afternoon videos (restaurant story, bakery story, pet shop story, fashion story, farm story, clash of clans, and boom beach. next I opened twitter. In twitter I wrote draft tweets. In twitter I wrote a draft morning tweet, a draft tweet about starting my 73rd day of 10th grade at WA-HI today, a draft afternoon tweet, a draft evening tweet, a draft tweet about finishing my 73rd day of 10th grade at WA-HI today, with 107 days to go, and a draft goodnight tweet. The reason why I have been making my tweets drafts lately, is that so later, when I want to send one, I can click/tap to post, instead of manually typing each one in. I didn’t want to send any right now, so I closed out of twitter, and then I opened boom beach. In boom beach I collected from my base, then I attacked the first 3 stages of dr. terror. From the attack on dr. terror stage 1 level 20, I won using 135 riflemen, and 1 level 13 dr. kavan. I won and I got 55600 gold, 26400 wood, 17600 stone, 8800 iron, 1 dark fragment, and 1 Intel, and I didn’t lose any troops/riflemen. From the attack on dr. terror stage 2 level 24, I won using 135 riflemen, and 1 level 13 dr. kavan. I won and I got 84400 gold, 45600 wood, 30400 stone, 15200 iron, and 1 dark shard, and I didn’t lose any troops/riflemen. From the attack on dr. terror stage 3 level 36, I won using 135 riflemen, and 1 level 13 dr. kavan. I won and I got 120400 gold, 69600 wood, 46400 stone, 23200 iron, and 2 dark fragments, and I lost 9 riflemen. next I trained the 9 riflemen I lost for 9000 gold, then I closed out of boom beach, then I turned my Samsung galaxy s7 edge off (but didn’t shut it down) then I went into meme and papas room. Meme was sleeping, and papa was taking a bath, so I decided I wouldn’t take a bath this morning, because he likes to spend hours relaxing in the bathtub. So I went into my room and then I got up and turned my fan off, then I booted up and logged in my desktop computer. On my computer I opened word 2013. In word 2013 I finished writing about my day. Next I got off my computer, then I got up and plugged my Samsung galaxy s7 edge into the charger (currently at 73% battery) then I had to go take a bath. I washed up and got out and got dressed, then I went into my room, and then I got up and got back on my computer, then I turned the Wi-Fi on, then I opened google chrome. Today, daddy is picking me up early, so he can go to a dentist appointment and get his new teeth, so he is going to pick me up around 1:00 pm, so I can take care of Mitchell. If successful, I will be rewarded with cash, and Mitchell will get a treat. In chrome I logged into my second account. On my second account I logged into khan academy. I worked on calculus on khan academy up until am. I watched 1 video. The videos duration was 6:21 minutes. I worked from 7:19 to 7:26. I didn’t earn any badges. I took a screenshot for the khan academy statistic video later. While I worked on khan academy, I got up and booted up and logged in my laptop (without unplugging it) on my laptop, I turned the Wi-Fi on, then I opened google chrome. In chrome I logged into my main account. On my main account I downloaded a fill-in-the-blanks document for today, then I renamed it to “January 10th 2018 part 2 unedited text only” next I put it into the correct folder, then I shut down my laptop (without unplugging it) next I minimized chrome, then I decided not to copy and paste the document from yesterday into its own notepad, and WordPad versions, then paste it into the all of December 2017 document and the complete collection document today, because of time restraints. So next I got up and left my room, then I wandered around the house up until am. At am, I went and took my morning bath. I washed up and got out and got dressed, then I wandered around the house up until 7:39 am. at 7:39 am, I went into my room and shut down my desktop computer to prevent hard drive failure, then I got up and grabbed my Samsung galaxy s7 edge off (currently at 96% battery) then I got up and grabbed my laptop off the charger (currently at 100% battery) (then I put it into its bag) then I packed up and grabbed my stuff, then I went outside to wait for the bus. On the bus ride this morning I got a window seat. I relaxed and looked out the window for the entire ride. I got to school at 8:06 am. I booted up and logged in my laptop, then I wrote about my day. Next I worked on my desktop assistant program until 8:15 am, then I shut down my laptop, then I packed up and grabbed my stuff, then I waited up until 8:19 am. At 8:19 am, I went to science class, then I waited up until 8:24 am, then I went into the classroom. I booted up and logged in my laptop, then I signed into the school Wi-Fi, then I went into my google chrome school account, then I went into google classroom, then I waited up until 8:30 am for class to start. Class started. Today we started out with our planners, then we worked on spreadsheets. We worked on this up until 9:15 am. At 9:15 am I packed up and grabbed my stuff, then I went to my next class. Class ended. I went into Mrs. Bertinellie’s room for 3rd period. In 3rd period today we started out with our planners. Next I waited up until 10:05 am. The teacher talked about the book and the trip the entire time. I wrote down a ton of joke bundles for my new software. At 10:05 am I packed up and grabbed my stuff, then I waited up until 10:06 am (1 minute) for class to end. Class ended. I went into the old Microsoft office class room which is now a graphic arts design class for 4th period. In 4th period I sat down and booted up and logged in my computer, then I worked on in adobe animate up until 10:54 am. I was so far behind, and they kept going, and I didn’t know what to do on the step I was on, so I waited it out. At 10:54 am I logged off my computer, then I packed up and grabbed my stuff, then I went to lunch. Class ended for me. I went to lunch. During lunch I booted up and logged in my laptop, then I wrote about my day, then I turned my phone on and opened clash royale. In clash royale I began to unlock an arena 7 silver chest. Next I opened an arena 7 silver chest. From the arena 7 silver chest I got 52 gold, 3 bombers, and 6 archers. Next I claimed my second daily reward. My second daily reward was 200 gold, and 5 points. Next I did 2v2 battles until I got 10 crowns for my crown chest. I kept losing, but eventually I won. Next I opened an arena 7 crown chest. From the arena 7 crown chest I got 429 gold, 2 gems, 6 fire spirits, 14 barbarians, 32 minion hordes, and 6 musketeers. Next I donated a wizard to Mitchell, and I got 50 gold, and 10 xp, then I did 2v2 battles and watched YouTube up until 11:33 am, then I turned my Samsung galaxy s7 edge off (but didn’t shut it down) then I shut down my laptop, then I packed up and grabbed my stuff, then I waited up until 11:39 pm, then I went to 5th period math. In 5th period math today we worked on our math packets up until 12:22 pm. At 12:22 pm I packed up and grabbed my stuff, then I went to my programming class. Class ended for me. I went into my programming classroom for 6th period. In 6th period today before class started, I signed in and set up my computer, then I waited up until 12:26 pm, then I turned my phone on and opened twitter. In twitter I noticed that I forgot to send my morning tweets. So I sent my draft morning tweet, a draft tweet about starting my 73rd day of 10th grade at WA-HI today, and my afternoon tweet. Next I closed out of twitter, then I turned my Samsung galaxy s7 edge off (but didn’t shut it down) then I waited up until 12:30 pm for class to start. Class started. In 6th period today I worked on snap! Up until 1:15 pm. I was expecting daddy to come pick me up like he said, but he didn’t. So I had to play along. Class ended. I packed up and grabbed my stuff, then I went to the office, and waited for daddy for a while. He came. He had a dentist appointment today, and he wanted me to go home, so I could watch Mitchell, when he gets off from school. School ended for me. We went home. On the walk home today I walked all the way to papa’s truck. We went home. When I got home I watched YouTube for a while, then I went into the third living room, and got my laptop out of its bag, then I booted up and logged in my laptop, then I worked on my desktop assistant program for a long time. Mitchell came through the garage door, so I had to go back and close it. I was instructed to either keep Mitchell entertained, and not cause any issues (very hard) or let him watch YouTube in his room alone. He was interested in what I was doing, so I let him make rooms for the desktop assistant with me for a long time, then I realized it was getting late. During out time, I turned my phone on. On my phone I opened clash royale. In clash royale I began to unlock an arena 7 golden chest, then I opened my 3rd and final daily gift. My third daily gift was an arena 7 free chest. From the final arena 7 free chest of the night in clash royale I got 71 gold, 1 musketeer, 8 bombers, and 5 points. Next I opened an arena 7 silver chest. From the final arena 7 silver chest of the night in clash royale I got 49 gold, 1 Valkyrie, and 8 mortars. next I donated a wizard to Mitchell, and I got 50 gold, and 10 xp, then I donated 6 minion hordes to daddy’s Samsung galaxy s7 edge account, and I got 30 gold, and 6 xp, then I closed out of clash royale, and continued working on my project. Daddy came home. I managed to keep Mitchell entertained the whole time with no issues. Daddy brought dairy queen. I turned the Wi-Fi on and emailed todays documents to myself, then I got off my laptop, then I ate. I had a cherry dilly bar, and a strawberry sundae. At 5:00 pm, I turned my phone on. On my phone I opened twitter. In twitter I sent a draft evening tweet, a draft tweet about finishing my 73rd day of 10th grade at WA-HI today, with 107 days to go, a draft goodnight tweet, and a tweet reply to my morning tweet from today, that got sent way too late by accident. Next I closed out of twitter. Daddy went back to bed. Next I watched TV, did battles in the clash royale ramp up challenge, and YouTube for a while, then Mitchell was getting really hyper, and at one point, he threw his phone and it cracked my phones case, and hit my laptop, so I went into my room, and then I decided that I had to finally get to work. So I turned my phone on. On my phone I opened my screen recorder (mobizen) then I made a clash royale video of me opening my 2 win ramp up challenge chest, and a clash royale statistic video. In case you didn’t get to see the chest opening video, here is what I got: 1250 gold, 9 royal giants, 2 elixir collectors, and 14 skeleton barrels. I got sidetracked again for a while, then I got back to work, and I made my next 5 morning videos, then I got sidetracked for a very long period of time. Next I got side tracked, and I watched YouTube, did 2v2 battles in clash royale, did attacks on the builder’s base in clash of clans, and just relaxed in my room. Eventually, I made my hay day let’s play, then I got side tracked yet again, but this one was almost fatal. I went and got 3 mountain dews, and a jar of peanut butter, and a spoon for a stockpile for tonight, then I went back into my room. I was watching YouTube, then I realized that I forgot to make my khan academy video, and my final 8 afternoon videos, so I got up and got on my desktop computer, then I edited the khan academy statistic video, and uploaded it to my second channel, then I got off my computer, and made my 8 afternoon videos. I had to recollect from a lot of the games. It was almost midnight. During the 2nd clash of clans statistic video, I used my 7 minute clock tower boost, mainly to get 8x resources for 7 minutes, but also for time off my bomber level 13 upgrade. Next I monetized the 16 videos, then I will continue today’s document tomorrow, as I have tortured myself by being lazy and not writing about my day, so now I have to stay up all night, so I can write about it tomorrow. I lazed off, and I made a commitment to my journaling. 

